hi and welcome to the Pops concert 2008
tonight we have a special program for
you for tonight art pops theme is
destination disney i'm johanna i'm alex
and i'm sarah and we're going to be your
MC s for tonight's concert so without
further ado we're going to invite you to
be our guest and I think Alex DeBartolo
can take it from here
good evening ladies and gentlemen it is
with deepest Brad and British pleasure
that we welcome you here tonight and now
we invite you to relax let a split my
chair as the dining room proudly
presents your dinner be our guest be our
guest put our service to the test tire
napkin around your neck sorry and we
provide those sudesh your other
d'oeuvres while we only live to serve
try the gray stuff it's delicious don't
believe me ask the dishes they can't see
making a dance why after all this this
is France the dinner here is never
second baths go on unfold your menu take
a glance and then you'll be our guest we
are guest be our guest beef ragout she's
to play by them pulling off the bay will
prepare and serve with their own
culinary cabaret your own own and you're
scared but the bangs are prepared no
one's blue me or complaining one of that
wears entertaining they tell jokes are
two tricks with my fellow candle
it's all the perfect taste that you can
bet go on and dip door glass you want
your run free pass to be our guest if
you're stressed it's fine dining mrs.
yes
and the cows fix it live while I'll be
less finds been bored and thank the lord
I've had the neck is freshly it Sergey
want tea and my dear that's fine with me
well the cups do theirs are sure we
shall be boldly now Bieber will now get
war with me we want the confining
you passed we got a lot to do is it one
lump or two for you are guess she's like
that